Hi, Welcome to the solution tablets overview and demo video. While we had briefly touched upon solution tablets in the Accenture reinvention console overview video, we will cover in greater detail here. To reiterate, solution tablets are the standardized approaches Accenture uses to help solve client challenges and opportunities. Each solution tablet is a digital container, which has the best of our asset lead industry focused solutions. Solution tablets are data-driven, repeatable, and ready to use with clients. They are enhanced with continuous contributions from SMEs and end-users to ensure the content in the solution tablets is our best. Let's say you want to pitch a solution for any industry, say a banking client, you no longer need to spend time searching for the right people, right solution and platforms, any supporting content and checking their relevance to your client. The banking solution tablet is loaded with latest and greatest information crafted by the best of banking industry experts within Accenture, you can go through all the tablet content and pick assets, clients, stories, thought, leadership, and any relevant content to create the most compelling value pitch for your client. Similarly, you can find many such preconfigured, ready to consume solution tablets for your clients across industries. So let's explore to access solution tablets login to one asset.accenture.com. Solution tablets are categorized as per industry, service AND function. To identify a solution tablet by an industry. Click on industry from homepage or click on Explore. Industry will be selected by default here. Let's select consumer goods and services. Here you will see total enterprise reinvention wheel, which maps the relevant solutions and narratives for the industry. Click on find the right solution. Clicking on any of the total enterprise reinvention, we'll sections, you will find the relevant solution tablet recommendations. These can be further refined by applying filters. Click on consumer goods and services to find solution tablets relevant for this specific industry. Click on consumer goods and services relevant to find solution tablets applicable for other industries and still relevant to the selected industry. Click Filter to find available and upcoming solution tablets. Please note that this feature is yet to be fully activated across all sectors within the wheel and all industries. Going back to the industry landing page, you will see other sections explore microsite and accelerate. Click on microsite to find content curated by industry experts for client discussion. Click on accelerate to find the seven key client imperatives that are aligned for the selected industry, that is consumer goods and services here. To find solution tablets for the selected industry, Let's click solution tablet. Apply relevant filters to refine the search. Use the drop-down box where default view will list solution tablets as per descending order based on number of views. Select top rated to view solution tablets as per descending order of rating. Select ascending or descending to view solution tablets by alphabetical order. Consumer goods and services, led and consumer goods and services. Relevant filters are applicable similar to total enterprise reinvention, we'll filters covered before. Similarly, you can find solution tablets as per function or different services under function and service tab respectively. Irrespective of the category you have selected the solution tablet page design is broadly consistent to ease navigation. To explore different solution tablets directly, click on Solution tablet tile in the homepage, or click solution tablet tile on the top menu bar, select relevant filters using the tick box as per different categories in the left panel, that is industry functions and services to find the solution tablet relevant for you. Apply relevant filters to refine the search for required categories. Let's select an industry banking. By default, you will see solution tablets in Tile view, toggle to list view, where you can preview brief description of solution tablets. Clicking on a solution tablet will open a pop-up to track the objective of solution tablet usage. You will see three options. Originate, cell unlearned. Click on originate to explore the solution tablet for deal origination opportunities. Click on cell. If you intend to use the tablet for sales. Click on Learn. If you want to explore the tablet and understand its functionality. Clicking on Submit will open a page with a standard containerized structure. Consisting of multiple individual elements. As you see here, these elements are logically arranged covering the why, what, how, and who have the selected solution tablet. Why industry C-suite or client challenge? This section presents a description of significant three to five challenges the client's face today with market data and research that demonstrates the scale and opportunity. The client challenges is the anchor for all the solution tablet elements. What? This section details out the client value proposition. It describes the value we bring in solving the challenge is highlighted in y section. This section contains elements like global consensus narratives, Accenture's point of view on future trends, client success stories, Accenture's unique selling proposition, and how our solutions are long-lasting and contribute to delivering 360-degree value to clients. How the house section encompasses all the information required to describe the solution for the challenges. It covers elements like client journey, solution components, data, and benchmarks, assets and platforms. Who? This section covers the required expertise that we bring together to solve client challenges under experts and learning and talent. Now, let's start by exploring why industry C-suite or client challenge. On the top right, you will see a toggle switch with insights and details as options. If you select insights, you will find an easy to understand visual representation where the challenges are mapped to propose solution components. The challenge is linked to appropriate opportunities that can be presented to your clients which is backed with industry data. Selecting details will provide a comprehensive list of industry-specific challenge statements for your client discussions. Additionally, you can read about the significance and potential in the industry sector supported by market statistics and research findings. To go back to the main container menu or to opt for a different element, you can scroll up or click the tablet icon on the right. Let's now explore the elements under what section? In solution narrative, stage zero, you will find one global cross service consolidated narrative that describes what is driving disruption or changes at a client. Thought leadership and research is Accenture's formal and public point of view on a topic including latest and greatest thinking for use in client discussions. Client stories and presentations contains internal or external case studies that explain how we help our clients solve their problem and the value we delivered. Here you will find client presentations showcasing real example of client pitches. Accenture unique selling proposition describes how we position this solution in a differentiated manner to help respond to disruptions in the market. Sustainability section describes how sustainability is relevant for this solution. And what are the relevant sustainability solutions that we can deliver? 360 degrees value and commercial models describe how value can be delivered through this solution that go beyond just financials, to also focus on people, experiences and planet. It contains Commercial Models relevant for the solution tablet. Now let's explore the elements under how client journey element contains various stages of evolution of where a client is today and what they can achieve to aid stage zero conversations and proposals. Another key element is solution components. Here you can find various component parts of the solution that may be sold individually or in combination. That is in scope of the solution tablet. Business process models enable our clients to transform across lifecycle management, mining and automation through a holistic approach that fixes broken processes, removes friction, and enables more intuitive, data-driven organizations were improvement, collaboration, and innovation happened continuously. Data and benchmarks contain real data, insights and data sources to deliver the work using a data-driven approach. Assets and platforms contain key assets relevant for this tablet to deliver the work we sell. There are more than 1,100 assets within Accenture. Here you will find curated set of assets relevant for the solution tablet of the selected industry. Selecting any asset, you will find its brief description and some useful links and artifacts to know more details. You can also reach out to the asset team members in case of any queries. View all the assets within a selected solution tablet in a life cycle view or in a simple list view using solution component view option. Ecosystem partnerships contain names of different platform partners, external associations and joint ventures we collaborate with to help us solve our clients problems faster. In methods, you will find high level approach to sales and delivery for this solution tablet that highlight the key activities and outcomes that clients can expect during the project. Innovation element contains details of Center of Excellence or factories that are being leveraged to elevate our thinking and employ innovative approaches in our solution. Let's cover elements under Section WHO. Experts element contains names of subject matter experts who can help create personalized solutions and can deliver value for clients by being brought into client conversations and connect with to get more information if needed. Learning and talent element contains different roles and skills are required to sell and deliver the solution. It also has details to avail of learning opportunities to upskill for practitioners. You can rate the content and share feedback for an element, artifact or overall solution tablet. The rating is based on a five-star scale, one being the lowest and five being the best. Please use the intelligence search option at the top for quick retrieval of relevant solution tablets. You can also avail the advanced search option with relevant keywords or phrase. Fine tune your search by applying required filters across categories to quickly find the most relevant content. Please take time to go through each of the elements of a solution tablet. This will help you in creating your own customized workspace. We will talk about workspace in another video. And with this, we conclude the short video on solution tablet overview. 